tests/testthat/_snaps/utils.md, before:

# .check_data_name_length throws an error if length of .data exceeds nfilter.string

    Code
      .check_data_name_length(.data, disc_settings)
    Condition
      Error in `.check_data_name_length()`:
      ! Error: The length of string passed to `df.name` must be less than nfilter.string.
      i The value of nfilter.string is:
      80
      i The length of `df.name` is:
      101

# .check_function_names blocks unpermitted function names

    Code
      .check_function_names(arg_unpermitted)
    Condition
      Error:
      ! Values passed to `expr` may only contain permitted functions.
      i Permitted functions are everything, last_col, group_cols, starts_with, ends_with, contains, matches, num_range, all_of, any_of, where, c, rename, mutate, if_else, case_when, mean, median, ..., diff, and lag.
      i `filter and slice` are not permitted functions.

# .check_variable_length blocks variables with value greater than than nfilter.string

    Code
      .check_variable_length(large_var, disc_settings)
    Condition
      Error:
      ! Error: The maximum length of columns specified in `tidy_select` must be shorter than nfilter.string.
      i The values of nfilter.string are:
      80
      i aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa is longer than this:

# .tidy_disclosure_checks blocks argument with unpermitted variable length

    Code
      .check_tidy_disclosure("dataframe", arg_unpermitted_2)
    Condition
      Error:
      ! Error: The maximum length of columns specified in `tidy_select` must be shorter than nfilter.string.
      i The values of nfilter.string are:
      80
      i aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaasd is longer than this:

# .tidy_disclosure_checks blocks argument with multiple unpermitted function names

    Code
      .check_tidy_disclosure("dataset", arg_unpermitted_3)
    Condition
      Error:
      ! Values passed to `expr` may only contain permitted functions.
      i Permitted functions are everything, last_col, group_cols, starts_with, ends_with, contains, matches, num_range, all_of, any_of, where, c, rename, mutate, if_else, case_when, mean, median, ..., diff, and lag.
      i `filter and slice` are not permitted functions.

# .tidy_disclosure_checks blocks argument with single unpermitted function name

    Code
      .check_tidy_disclosure("dataset", arg_unpermitted_4)
    Condition
      Error:
      ! Values passed to `expr` may only contain permitted functions.
      i Permitted functions are everything, last_col, group_cols, starts_with, ends_with, contains, matches, num_range, all_of, any_of, where, c, rename, mutate, if_else, case_when, mean, median, ..., diff, and lag.
      i `slice` is not a permitted function.

Commit message:

fix: disclosure levels (#76)
* fix: add disclosure mode check

* added disclosure info to readme

* corrected privacy levels

* docs: updated privacy control table

* docs: correct function name

* docs: restructured privacy mode table to be in line with wiki

* docs: tweaked text

* changed privacy level of mutate

* made regex more restrictive on which functions could be used within mutate

* removed functions from regex

* fixed disclosure tests

* added mutate back into banana mode

* updated utils snapshots

* updated tests to accurately represent test scenario

* added disclosure trap to prevent creation of vectors

* try: update version stripping because changed in version 3.0.0 of svu

* try: update version stripping because changed in version 3.0.0 of svu

* try: check syntax

* try: other syntax to strip v

* try: see what version has been set as

* try: correct print syntax

* try: still experimenting wth syntax

* try: get next version not previous

tests/testthat/_snaps/utils.md, after:

# .check_data_name_length throws an error if length of .data exceeds nfilter.string

    Code
      .check_data_name_length(.data, disc_settings)
    Condition
      Error in `.check_data_name_length()`:
      ! Error: The length of string passed to `df.name` must be less than nfilter.string.
      i The value of nfilter.string is:
      80
      i The length of `df.name` is:
      101

# .check_function_names blocks unpermitted function names

    Code
      .check_function_names(arg_unpermitted)
    Condition
      Error:
      ! Values passed to `expr` may only contain permitted functions.
      i Permitted functions are everything, last_col, group_cols, starts_with, ends_with, contains, matches, num_range, all_of, any_of, where, rename, mutate, if_else, case_when, mean, median, mode, ..., acos, and atan.
      i `filter and slice` are not permitted functions.

# .check_variable_length blocks variables with value greater than than nfilter.string

    Code
      .check_variable_length(large_var, disc_settings)
    Condition
      Error:
      ! Error: The maximum length of columns specified in `tidy_select` must be shorter than nfilter.string.
      i The values of nfilter.string are:
      80
      i aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa is longer than this:

# .tidy_disclosure_checks blocks argument with unpermitted variable length

    Code
      .check_tidy_disclosure("dataframe", arg_unpermitted_2)
    Condition
      Error:
      ! Error: The maximum length of columns specified in `tidy_select` must be shorter than nfilter.string.
      i The values of nfilter.string are:
      80
      i aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaasd is longer than this:

# .tidy_disclosure_checks blocks argument with multiple unpermitted function names

    Code
      .check_tidy_disclosure("dataset", arg_unpermitted_3)
    Condition
      Error:
      ! Values passed to `expr` may only contain permitted functions.
      i Permitted functions are everything, last_col, group_cols, starts_with, ends_with, contains, matches, num_range, all_of, any_of, where, rename, mutate, if_else, case_when, mean, median, mode, ..., acos, and atan.
      i `filter and slice` are not permitted functions.

# .tidy_disclosure_checks blocks argument with single unpermitted function name

    Code
      .check_tidy_disclosure("dataset", arg_unpermitted_4)
    Condition
      Error:
      ! Values passed to `expr` may only contain permitted functions.
      i Permitted functions are everything, last_col, group_cols, starts_with, ends_with, contains, matches, num_range, all_of, any_of, where, rename, mutate, if_else, case_when, mean, median, mode, ..., acos, and atan.
      i `slice` is not a permitted function.
